This End User License Agreement ("EULA") is a legal agreement between you, an
individual or other legal entity ("End User") and Solid Angle Limited, a company
registered in England and Wales with registered number 8096594 ("Solid Angle"),
which sets forth the terms and conditions of the license to use the Arnold
software, plug-ins and accompanying documentation ("Arnold Software").

By downloading, installing, copying, accessing or otherwise using the Arnold
Software, you agree to be bound by the terms of this EULA. If you do not agree
to the terms of this EULA, do not download, install or use the Arnold Software.

The attention of the End User is particularly drawn to clauses 4 and of this
EULA regarding the extent of the warranty Solid Angle gives to the End User and
the extent to which it accepts liability to the End User.

The Arnold Software is licensed and not sold. In return for acquiring a license
to use the Arnold Software the End User agrees as follows:


1. License Grant

In consideration of the payment in full of the license fee, Solid Angle grants
the End User a limited, non-exclusive and non-transferable license: ( a ) to use
the Arnold Software; ( b ) to install the Arnold Software on a network server
and use that number of copies of the Arnold Software as have been licensed and
paid for at any one time; ( c ) to copy the Arnold Software solely for the
purpose of installing it on the End User's computers and for backup storage.

The creation of multiple instances of the Arnold Software on a single computer
with multiple processors shall be deemed a single licensed copy of the Arnold
Software for the purposes of calculating the number of copies used pursuant to
this license.

The use of the Arnold Software at any facility owned by the End User regardless
of geographic location is permitted under this license.


2. Restrictions on Use

The End User may only use the Arnold Software for authorised purposes in
relation to its own business and not to provide any service to third parties,
and may not: ( a ) assign, sublicense, loan, sell, distribute, share, transfer,
pledge, lease or rent the Arnold Software or End User's rights hereunder to
others without the written permission of Solid Angle; ( b ) (except to the
extent permitted by English law) reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, alter
or otherwise attempt to discover the source code of the Arnold Software; ( c )
circumvent the license management software; ( d ) adapt, modify, translate or
create derivative works based on the Arnold Software.

The Arnold Software will operate in evaluation mode with a watermarked output if
a valid license key is not installed. The use of the watermarked output for
commercial use is strictly prohibited.

Licenses that are used for education purposes or have been purchased at an
educational discount may only be used by the End User for training and
instruction and for no other purpose.

The End User may not export or re-export the Arnold Software to any country or
entity subject to United Kingdom export restrictions.


3. Ownership

The End User agrees that the Arnold Software and all intellectual property
rights shall remain the sole property of Solid Angle or its licensor. The
license granted in this EULA is not a sale of the Arnold Software and this EULA
does not give the End User any rights to patents, copyrights, trademarks,
service marks, trade secrets, confidential information or any other rights or
license with respect to the Arnold Software. The End User agrees to hold the
Arnold Software in confidence and to take reasonable measures to prevent
unauthorised copying or disclosure. The End User shall not remove or modify any
copyright symbols, trademarks, labels and property notices on any and all copies
of the Arnold Software.


4. Limited Warranty

Solid Angle warrants that:
(a) the Arnold Software will, when properly used and on an operating system for
which it was designed, perform substantially in accordance with the functions
described in the accompanying documentation; and (b) that the accompanying
documentation correctly describes the operation of the Arnold Software in all
material respects, in each case for a period of 90 days from the date that the
End User downloads the Arnold Software (Warranty Period).

If, within the Warranty Period, the End User notifies Solid Angle in writing of
any defect or fault in the Arnold Software as a result of which it fails to
perform substantially in accordance with the accompanying documentation,
Solid Angle will, at its sole option, either repair or replace the Arnold
Software, provided that the End User makes available all the information that
may be necessary to help Solid Angle to remedy the defect or fault, including
sufficient information to enable it to recreate the defect or fault.

The warranty given by Solid Angle does not apply if the defect or fault in the
Arnold Software results from any amendment or attempted amendment of the Arnold
Software by any person other than Solid Angle or if the defect or fault in the
Arnold Software results from use of the Arnold Software in contravention of the
terms of this EULA.

The End User acknowledges that the Arnold Software has not been developed to
meet the End User's individual requirements and that it is therefore the End
User's responsibility to ensure that the facilities and functionality of the
Arnold Software meet such requirements. Solid Angle does not warrant that the
Arnold Software will meet the End User's requirements or that the operation of
the Arnold Software will be uninterrupted or error free, or that defects in the
Arnold Software will be corrected. Solid Angle does not warrant the correctness
or accuracy of the results obtained from the use of the Arnold Software.

Except as expressly stated in this EULA, there are no conditions, warranties,
representations or other terms, express or implied, that are binding on
Solid Angle. Any condition, warranty, representation or other term concerning
the supply of the Arnold Software which might otherwise be implied into, or
incorporated in, this EULA whether by statute, common law or otherwise, is
excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law.


5. Limited Liability

Nothing in this EULA shall limit or exclude Solid Angle's liability for death or
personal injury resulting from its negligence, for fraud or fraudulent
misrepresentation or for any other liability that cannot be excluded or limited
by English law.

In no event shall Solid Angle or its suppliers be liable to the End User for any
third party claims or any consequential, incidental, punitive, special, or
indirect damages of any kind (including but not limited to damages resulting
from loss of use, loss or corruption of data, loss of profits, loss of goodwill,
loss of business or other loss or damage suffered) arising out of or relating to
the use of the Arnold Software, regardless of whether such loss was reasonably
foreseeable or Solid Angle had been advised of the possibility of such damages.

In no event will Solid Angle's liability for any claim, whether in contract,
tort (including negligence), misrepresentation (whether innocent or negligent),
negligent misstatement, breach of statutory duty or any other theory of
liability, exceed the license fee paid by the End User.


6. Events Outside our Control

We will not be liable or responsible for any failure to perform, or delay in
performance of, any of our obligations under this EULA that is caused by an
Event Outside Our Control, as defined below.

An Event Outside Our Control means any act or event beyond our reasonable
control, including without limitation failure of public or private
telecommunications networks.

If an Event Outside Our Control takes place that affects the performance of our
obligations under this EULA our obligations under this EULA will be suspended
and the time for performance of our obligations will be extended for the
duration of the Event Outside Our Control.


7. Term and Termination

This EULA shall remain in effect until terminated.

Solid Angle may terminate this EULA, and the license it grants, immediately if
the End User breaches any term of this EULA. On termination by Solid Angle, the
End User agrees to immediately stop using the Arnold Software, permanently
delete the Arnold Software and all copies and within five (5) days thereafter
provide Solid Angle with written confirmation that it has complied with these
actions.

The End User may terminate this EULA, and the license it grants, at any time by
permanently deleting the Arnold Software and all copies and notifying
Solid Angle.


8. Law and Jurisdiction

This EULA and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with it or
its subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims)
shall be governed by English law and the parties irrevocably submit to the
non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts.

